Hello my friends and welcome to this new part on natural language processing.
I'm super excited to start this part because this is the branch of machine learning with which you can
build checkbooks and Machine Translations.
So of course this is not what we're going to do in this part because this is really advanced and LP
so we'll just cover the basics with sentiment analysis which consists of training a machine to understand
some text and predict a certain outcome for these texts.
So in our case study here these text will be reviews of a restaurant and we'll have to train a machine
to understand if each review is positive or negative.
So very simple very classic but the best way to be introduced to an LP.
All right before we start let's make sure everyone here is on the same page.
This is the folder containing all the codes and data sets and of which I give you the link right before
this tutorial in the article.
So make sure to connect to that link.
And now there we go.
We can and support seven natural language processing.
So in this part you will only find one section that's because we only do one case study of an LP about
sentiment analysis.
However you will see that you can try diverse machinery models to tackle the problem.
Indeed the essential part of our implementation will be to build the bag of words model but then once
it is built we can try several classification models.
Why classification models.
That's because we'll have to predict you know a binary outcome 1 or 0 1 meaning the review is positive
and 0 meaning the review is negative.
So you have actually the flexibility to try several machinery models and this will actually be your
final exercise of this section.
So there we go.
Let's do this let's enter section 36 now.
Natural Language Processing and as usual we're going to start with python in which you will find two
fouls the implementation natural language processing that IP Wendy which you can open with either Google
collaboratively or to put a notebook and or data set.
Restaurant reviews dot this time not see as V but t as V.
And this will be a good opportunity for me to train you on how to import a t as V dataset t as we mean
tab separate value instead of comma separated value like in this year's V.
So basically the only difference is that in the previous data sets we worked with.
Well you know the features and the dependent variable were separated by commerce and in this one.
Well instead of being separated by commerce the reviews and the dependent variable will be separated
by a tab.
And this makes sense right.
Because in the reviews we already have commerce and therefore that would create nonsense features.
But let me show you what this dataset looks like.
So as you can see there are only two columns.
The first one containing all the reviews.
So for example this is a first one well let this place a second one crust is not good.
Another one great touch etc..
So you have in total let's see 1000 reviews.
Right.
So we're going to trend on machine learning to actually understand text and predict if the texts are
positive or negative with 1000 texts.
All right.
And then the second column is of course if the review is positive or negative.
So one means that it is positive meaning the customer liked it and zero means that the review is negative.
And of course we have the real outcomes in order to train our machinery model to understand if each
of these text is positive or negative.
So that's purely in the end you know a classification problem.
But the essential part of it is that will train the machine to understand these texts first and then
to predict if they are positive or negative.
All right.
So very simple case that very simple data set.
That means we are ready to start the implementation of natural language processing.
So as you prefer.
Feel free to open it with either Google collaboratively or Julia notebook.
I'm opening it with Google collab as usual.
So feel free to do the same if you'd like.
And now the notebook is loading in a second it will be laying out all right.
Loading laying out.
Perfect.
And this is the implementation.
And as usual this is and read only mode and we want to re implement this from scratch therefore we're
going to create a copy right away so that we can modify the code inside.
So we're going to click Save a copy and drive here.
This will create a copy after which we will be able to modify the code and re implement it from scratch.
And speaking of re implementing it from scratch well let's delete all the code sales because we will
implement them.
So let's kick this trash button here in each of the code sales but not the text so that we can keep
that well highlighted structure and see where we are going at each time of the implementation.
All right.
So almost done.
It's actually an implementation in about ten steps but you will recognize some of the steps as steps
we did before.
You'll see I'm going to show you in a second.
All right so let's have a look at the structure of this implementation.
We will start first by importing the libraries as usual because indeed we will need several libraries
to pre process our texts and train our future machine learning model.
Then we will imported data set so that actually that data repricing phase.
But not only that the data depressing phase will also contain the next two sales cleaning the tax.
Indeed we will have to simplify the text as much as we can in order to ease the learning process of
the machinery model.
You know we'll have to remove all the punctuation.
We'll have to put all the letters in lowercase then we'll have to apply stemming.
You know we'll have to make very clean text to alleviate the learning process of the future classification
model will build.
So that's a compulsory process when doing an LP you have to pre process the text basically.
Then we'll create the back of words moral which is at the heart of sentiment analysis.
And then there you go.
That's where you will recognize everything.
Once we have the bag of words model we basically have a data set ready to be trained.
Right.
We have a date that ready to be trained by a machine learning model and that's why then we will just
apply the classic process of training a model.
First we will split the data set into the training set and test set so that we can indeed have a set
where we train the model to understand texts and predict if the texts are positive or negative.
And the test set so that we can evaluate the performance on new texts on which the model wasn't trained.
And then there we go we train.
So I chose a knife based model on the training set but you will see that your final exercise at the
end will be to try the other classification models and see if you can beat the accuracy I will get in
this implementation.
Then we will predict the test results.
And finally we will make the confused matrix and get the final accuracy so that our structure that's
our MLP journey.
So now as soon as you're ready let's start in the next tutorial with the simple therapy pricing phase.
I can't wait to start see you in the next toil.
And until then enjoy machine learning.